---
layout: post
title: Welcome back! + UltraBot
---

<p>&nbsp;Alright, so it has been a long time since I posted anything here, and I apologize for that. However, none of this was my fault or me being lazy. My friend Damien (who goes online by AlphaGameDev) ran the old site for me and has been recently encountering server issues, so the site is broken. I don't know how long it will remain like this, but until it's fixed I'm posting on here.</p><p>A lot has happened in the 2 months I've been gone. Most importantly, I would like to reveal UltraBot to the world! UltraBot is a discord bot that I started back in December and has over 100+ commands and is the ultimate multi-purpose bot with plenty of commands for moderation and fun, and he's being updated almost every day!</p><p>To invite him to your server, you need to invite UltraBot and UltraBot X to your server. The reason for this is that my platform for him (Bot Designer for Discord) only allows 100 slash commands per bot. So I have to make another one to hold the rest of my commands. It's no big deal, just invite both of them.</p><p>UltraBot is, as of the making of this, entirely written in BDScript, a flavor of JavaScript made for making Discord bots! It's insanely easy to use and uses the framework is BD.js.</p><p>Another thing I'm planning to do is Sonic reviews. I don't know if I've ever said this before but I <i>love </i>Sonic the Hedgehog. It's not on the same level as Half-Life for me but it's damn close. So I want to do small reviews giving my thoughts on the games I have experience with. I'll be ignoring games that I hate and don't want to play such as Unleashed or maybe Advance 3. The rest should get a good look.</p><p>Thank you everyone and welcome back!</p>